Google expects its EBIT in 2016 to increase 5-10% from 2015.
The number of collection errors fell considerably, and operations speeded up.
The Group's operative EBIT will probably be negative.
General Electric reports its operating profit increased to $20.5 million.
Ford Motor Company reported higher full-year profits on Thursday boosted by a buoyant period for its car loans unit.
By agreeing to stay the proceedings, AT&T avoided a potential bombshell.
Shares of Standard Chartered rose 1.2%, while Royal Bank of Scotland shares rose 2% and Barclays shares were down 1.7%.
Shares of Standard Chartered could not raise above $57.34, while Royal Bank of Scotland shares rose 2% and Barclays shares were down 1.7%.
German car manufacturer Volkswagen has been engulfed in a growing scandal over cheating on emissions tests.
CVS Pharmacy Ltd asked the city of Seattle to also file a separate lawsuit against Purdue Inc as well as units of Teva Pharmaceutical, Johnson & Johnson, and Allergan Ltd .
IBM reduced its costs and increased its profit margin .
IBM increased its costs and reduced its profit margin .
However, given the strong sales in quarters three and four of the previous year, it will not be possible to sustain this high rate of growth over 2005 as a whole. 
However, the insolvency of LEONI’s customer MG Rover must be expected to incur exceptional charges of between five and seven million euros. 
It is not possible at this time to state the extent to which it might be possible to offset these charges during the current financial year. 
Repair and maintenance group Homeserve, which also reports on Friday, rose 2.8 percent to £17.54 after RBS upgraded from ”hold” to ”buy”.
This could raise doubts about Vodafone’s target of reaching 10m subscribers by the end of the current financial year.
It will increase the number of Barclays’ customers in France by 25 percent.
Last week, Engelhard scotched hopes of a negotiated deal with BASF, after three months of ding-dong talks, unveiling instead a defence strategy centred on a planned Dollars 1.2bn share buy-back at Dollars 45 a share.
So far, free cash flow has been used to finance share buybacks and dividend increases.
The mobile network reseller also forecast mid-teen percentage growth in service revenue, far better than most analysts had expected in a tough UK market.
However, revenues from voice and text fell in the period.
Arun Sarin yesterday sought to dispel fears about slowing revenue growth at Vodafone by saying the mobile phone company would make more acquisitions in Africa and Asia.
EMI eased 1.19 percent to 252p in spite of a buy recommendation from Deutsche Bank.
G4S led the blue-chip risers amid continued speculation that shareholders may block its £5.2bn deal to buy ISS, the office cleaning group.
The weak oil price and a downgrade from RBS did the damage.
News that Hewlett-Packard was preparing a $10bn takeover offer for the software maker came too late for London traders to react.
Morgan Stanley repeated "underweight" advice in a note sent to clients overnight.
ECS argues Verizon Wireless is a "passive investment" for Vodafone because it last received a dividend in 2004-05, worth £923m.
The acquisition would give CIBC control of FirstCaribbean with a stake of 87.4 percent.